textcolor[matches][primary][] = Download feature
textcolor[matches][primary][] = Reply
textcolor[matches][primary][] = Reset your password
textcolor[matches][success][] = Add effect
textcolor[matches][success][] = Add and configure
textcolor[matches][success][] = Send message
textcolor[matches][success][] = Log in
textcolor[matches][success][] = Create new account
textcolor[matches][info][] = Save and add
textcolor[matches][info][] = Add another item
textcolor[matches][info][] = Update style
textcolor[matches][info][] = Edit

textcolor[contains][primary][] = Confirm
textcolor[contains][primary][] = Filter
textcolor[contains][primary][] = Submit
textcolor[contains][primary][] = Search
textcolor[contains][primary][] = Preview
textcolor[contains][success][] = Add
textcolor[contains][success][] = Create
textcolor[contains][success][] = Save
textcolor[contains][success][] = Write
textcolor[contains][warning][] = Export
textcolor[contains][warning][] = Import
textcolor[contains][warning][] = Restore
textcolor[contains][warning][] = Rebuild
textcolor[contains][info][] = Apply
textcolor[contains][info][] = Update
textcolor[contains][danger][] = Delete
textcolor[contains][danger][] = Remove
