texticons[matches] = ''

texticons[contains][cog][] = Manage
texticons[contains][cog][] = Configure
texticons[contains][download][] = Download
texticons[contains][export][] = Export
texticons[contains][filter][] = Filter
texticons[contains][import][] = Import
texticons[contains][ok][] = Save
texticons[contains][ok][] = Update
texticons[contains][pencil][] = Edit
texticons[contains][plus][] = Add
texticons[contains][plus][] = Write
texticons[contains][remove][] = Cancel
texticons[contains][trash][] = Delete
texticons[contains][trash][] = Remove
texticons[contains][upload][] = Upload
texticons[contains][duplicate][] = Clone
texticons[contains][duplicate][] = Copy
texticons[contains][eye-open][] = Preview
texticons[contains][log-in][] = Log in
texticons[contains][share-alt][] = Reply
texticons[contains][print][] = Printer-friendly version
